feat(firebase): Add an own Firebase section (#16220)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/firebase/index.mdx

  // This is relative to tracesSampleRate
  profilesSampleRate: 1.0,
  // ___PRODUCT_OPTION_END___ profiling
  // ___PRODUCT_OPTION_START___ logs
  // Enable logs to be sent to Sentry
  enableLogs: true,
  // ___PRODUCT_OPTION_END___ logs
});
```

Require the initialization file at the very top of your functions entry point (for example, `index.js`), before any other requires:

```javascript {filename:index.js}
require("./instrument"); // Require Sentry initialization first

const { onRequest } = require("firebase-functions/https");
const { onDocumentCreated } = require("firebase-functions/firestore");
const admin = require("firebase-admin");

admin.initializeApp();

// HTTP function - automatically instrumented
exports.helloWorld = onRequest(async (request, response) => {
  response.send("Hello from Firebase!");
});

// Firestore trigger - automatically instrumented
exports.onUserCreated = onDocumentCreated(
  "users/{userId}",
  async (event) => {
    const userId = event.params.userId;
    // Your logic here
  }
);
```

<Alert>
  The key is to require the initialization file **before** any other requires,

>   including Firebase requires. This ensures Sentry can properly instrument all

Reviewer: I would call it either `require` calls or "imports".
```suggestion
  The key is to import the initialization file **before** any other `require` calls,
  including Firebase imports. This ensures Sentry can properly instrument all
```
